What is it guys and what KMAX and how you can see that everything is looking totally OK.
This is our site it's looking and now we're totally done with the e-commerce stuff.
We now know everything about it.
OK so let's just have a look at our veggie section and then we'll move forward to the next one.
So let's go ahead and let's go to the shall pray here and you can see that this is the vivid section
that we have right here.
And I know that this is not looking good.
So we have to work on it a little bit.
And then we'll move forward so let's just go to the dashboard right here.
OK.
And then let's open this up.
So I want to go to the tray here in their appearance and then I'm going to go to the tray here.
OK.
So here basically I want to show something there that extends my website.
So let's just go to your let's just remove everything from here because we don't want them so I'm just
going to come here.
I'm just going to I'm here I'm going to hit delete too here.
Just delete everything.
I just delete everything that we want.
We've added later on but I'm just doing this for the title purposes so let's just come here let's just
delete it.
Alonge delete this as well.
So now first of all what we need is that we need to just add the filter products by price.
I just really like it and the some of the websites do uses this like eBay use this.
Let me show you how to use this.
So what is is like you can filter the products by price so if you search a product then also you can
filter the products by price in here and it's worked really amazing.
So let's me let me just come here.
To display here.
OK.
If I just search for hoodie.
So let's suppose that I searched here and then you can see that here would be the filter price option
to go down.
I we go.
You can see this is the folder price that I just really like it you can see I can enter the dollar here
and then this would be the $2.
How much dollars and then I'm going to hit this and then it's going to show the price range that we
have so Same like this we have the condition we have this like this.
So I'm just going to add the filter by price.
Let's come here and let's say like this to be like the ad budget so you can see that aren't clicking
this I'm going to come here.
I'm just going to I'm here and I'm going to hit this.
You can see it and tell me this filter by price so it is just showing me the full price and the lowest
price is 10 to 30.
So if I just could make it below here like 10 to 20 then I'm going to hit filter right now and it's
going to filter all the products that we have.
So we have five results and you can see they are just filtered.
If I just make it a little bit more smaller I may get 10 and then I hit filter then you can see.
And this is just swing the 10 of the product.
Only the product that has the minimum 10 dollars.
OK.
So this is how the filter price works.
I just really like it.
That is why I am just getting it.
And I would recommend you to add this because it enhance the look of your site and your sake looks good.
So I'm just going to go down and now I am going to just add one more.
OK.
And that will be the filter products by reading just like this one.
So I'm just going to add this and
most graded products
average products so it's going to filter the products that are on the rating of basis on the basis of
rating.
So let's just come here and let's just refers to shop page.
You didn't see that we have the average rating so I'm going to select the rating that I want.
So.
So since we only have one product with the rating I can just work with those and rating filter is equal
to 1.
So it is just showing the fun rated products so you can use this.
But I would not recommend you to go with this just because you don't like it and you should not be having
this the average reading on something is going to come here.
I'm just going to click here and I'm going to delete this so we have filter products by attribute as
well like display a list of attribute to filter your products in your store.
So this is important.
You should be doing that.
OK.
An attribute is should be the filter by the attribute so it is not showing the attribute trait.
Now let me come here let me just say like this.
OK let's just come here and let's refresh dissipates so on refreshing it you show that we have nothing
that is going to go ahead I'm going to delete this and I'm going to add a list of dropdown categories
for the product so I just want the product categories right here and I wanted to add the widgets.
This is important.
You should be doing that.
And then we have the category order the name.
So I'm just going to go with the show as drop down.
You can also show show product can only show children of the current category.
OK so height empty categories to children means Dad.
What is the main categories that is appearing and the other one is a subcategory that is the children
so you can work with this like only show the children like the subcategories do not show as appear in
categories so then you have to hide M.D and be honored by his name.
So I'm going to go ahead I'm going to get done right now.
Let's come here and let's refresh our site.
So here we have it.
You can see that number one we have accessories and we have hoodies.
We have Nandu Behati Jeopardy's T-shirts.
Men and women to every category is right here.
We also have it like here so you can see it is totally up and running and it's totally working.
Now I'm going to go to
the products my reading.
OK.
This is all important.
So I'm just going to hit top rated products and number of products to show you all five products.
I just want to show three products.
OK.
I go I'm just going to come here I'm going to refresh my site you know let's have a look.
So it is just showing the top rated products.
This is a top rated product obviously.
So that is why it is showing only one single.
Ok now I'm going to add one more and that will be the seal product so
products OK let's just add this away and it's going to show on sale products.
OK.
So I'm going to enter the title name so geben
grab them.
Before they are gone.
OK so the number of products would be like any show to pay.
And the autobody is this hide free products show hidden products.
No.
So I'm just going to go ahead I'm going to say right now and let's just go ahead and let's have a look
at her site.
So this would be totally up and running so you can see grab them before they're gone.
So you can see that we have this right here.
OK.
Now I want one more thing and that is our Facebook page like dogs.
That is important.
OK.
So that we can go with
the plug in.
OK so let's see that we have any of the Facebook page like box in here.
OK.
If you don't have it we can install the plug in.
So I'm just going to go to you.
OK.
So if you want to do anything there is a plug in for that.
Seriously you just have to search it like Facebook.
OK.
And on and on after searching it you will find it
I think I like this one.
I'm going to go ahead I'm going to hit install right now and you can see that it should be installed
so let's wait till this is done.
I'm just going to activate right now and it should be activated.
So now I'll just go back to the widget section.
OK.
It's not activated right now.
Let's wait till this is done.
OK.
And once it is done we'll just have to move forward.
So this is that using Facebook like box is right here.
OK.
And who is showing how to use plug in how to use this but you don't have to use it because it will automatically
create the settings in the Brigitte's areas.
I'm just going to go back to deteriorate here and I'm going to refresh my dismay.
So we should be having the Facebook page lightbox easy Facebook like box.
You can see this is the one I'm just going to and it is going to hit Thai-Burma and I'm going to hit
this.
OK.
So here we have to enter the Facebook page you are in hell.
So going to the Facebook page you are out.
And then I want the titles so the title would be fine.
On Facebook.
Hey now I have to go down and we have everything here.
Make sure that you just keep it as default.
There are some things that you can move on that is responsive so it should be responsive because it
will just drag it size it will just keep it to you according to the sidebars and make sure that you
use this one.
And we don't want to show boast.
We don't want to hide the cover photo hide the CDA burden.
No you small.
OK.
Let's just go hey let's just save and let's have a look at our Web site right now.
So I'm going to refresh and her go this is being loaded.
So one is once it is loaded you can see how this is and it is also responsive.
OK.
And make sure that you check it.
If you do not check it and then its size would be like it would be coming here or it would be coming
here and the full page be like grabbing so make sure that you check the responsive one and now you can
see that we are totally done with our Facebook page.
OK.
So now we're also left add one more thing and that is that how many page how many products to show in
here.
OK so you can see that it is showing six products here.
So once you add more products then they would be the page anation then you can move forward to this
outbreak.
OK.
So I can see that we're totally done with our basic site.
This is our basic site is looking and now we're totally done in the next video will be moving on with
installing the new Web site and we'll build it the professional way so stadium guys and by.